HTML Assignment

Instructions
immnewsnetwork.com (not a real site)

Start a new git project. Make sure to commit and sync your changes after every requirement is complete, The commit message should contain the requirement(s) that was addressed in that commit.

Create a website that contains a homepage, articles, an about page and a contact page.

All pages must contain a header with:
- a logo
- Navigation with a list of links. The links are: "Home", "About", "Contact".

Create a footer with:
- A footer about about cookie usage and link to "accept cookies". This link's href should point to "#" for the time being. (We do not need to implement cookie usage at this time)

Home page must contain:
A welcome title and paragraph
A "featured" article. 
3 categories of articles: "Industry","Technical","Career"
Each of these categories contains 2 articles.
Each article component (including the featured article) contains:
- An image
- An author
- A title
- preview text
- a link to the full article page on your site.
The homepage must contain a table that describes the following data:
- The number of site visitors each month for the last 6 months. Use fake data for now.

A video of your choice (youtube embeds ok!)

All article pages must be stored in a sub folder named "articles".

Each article page must contain:
- An image
- An author
- A title
- Long text content
- a link to an external source of the article.
- a "Go back" link to the homepage

The "About" page should contain a short paragraph about the site.

The "Contact" page should contain a form with the following elements:
- textfield for Name (required)
- texfield for email (required and validated as email)
- checkboxes for "Category interests" (User can select multiple from "Industry","Technical" or "Career")
- a select box for "Your role" (User can select only one from "Writer","Contributor" or "Administrator")
- A submit button
The form should submit to a "process-contact.php" using the POST method. The code for this page is not necessary for this assignment

This is NOT a signup or registration form. It is a contact form.

Add a favicon and appropriate metadata to your pages.

Please use real content. You do not have to make up content yourself but please provide useful and complete web pages.

No layout or visual/design elements are required. HTML only.

Remember to use validation tools to check the quality of your files

Reminder: All code MUST be your own and not code created by others, found online, or generated by AI. My content should be enough to get you by.